— "The best way to predict the future is to create it." — Peter Drucker
— "You must be the change you wish to see in the world." — Mahatma Gandhi
— "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." — William James
— "The power of imagination makes us infinite." — John Muir
— "Believe you can and you're halfway there." — Theodore Roosevelt
# — "Dream big and dare to fail." — Norman Vaughan
— "What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." — Ralph Marston
— "Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." — Steve Jobs
— "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." — Theodore Roosevelt
— "In a gentle way, you can shake the world." — Mahatma Gandhi
— "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." — Eleanor Roosevelt
— "It always seems impossible until it’s done." — Nelson Mandela
— "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." — Franklin D. Roosevelt
— "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." — C.S. Lewis
— "Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." — Charles R. Swindoll
— "The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." — Paul Valery
— "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." — Arthur Ashe
— "With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." — Eleanor Roosevelt
— "Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." — Walt Whitman
— "Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." — Sam Levenson
— "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." — Charles Kingsleigh
— "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston Churchill
— "To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." — Winston Churchill
— "Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort." — Franklin D. Roosevelt
— "Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." — Jim Rohn
— "Every moment is a fresh beginning." — T.S. Eliot
— "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." — Mark Twain
— "The future depends on what you do today." — Mahatma Gandhi
— "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." — Christian D. Larson
— "Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." — Vincent Van Gogh
— "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." — Henry David Thoreau
